# Digit_prediction_mnist
 Table of Contents Overview of Machine Learning Lifecycle Understanding the Problem Statement:  MNIST Digits Prediction Machine Learning model for MNIST Digits Prediction ~Introduction to Streamlit Model Deployment of the Loan Prediction model using Streamlit    Overview of Machine Learning Lifecycle Let’s start with understanding the overall machine learning lifecycle, and the different steps that are involved in creating a machine learning project. Broadly, the entire machine learning lifecycle can be described as a combination of 6 stages. Let me break these stages for you:  Stage 1: Problem Definition The first and most important part of any project is to define the problem statement. Here, we want to describe the aim or the goal of our project and what we want to achieve at the end.  Stage 2: Hypothesis Generation Once the problem statement is finalized, we move on to the hypothesis generation part. Here, we try to point out the factors/features that can help us to solve the problem at hand.  Stage 3: Data Collection After generating hypotheses, we get the list of features that are useful for a problem. Next, we collect the data accordingly. This data can be collected from different sources.  Stage 4: Data Exploration and Pre-processing After collecting the data, we move on to explore and pre-process it. These steps help us to generate meaningful insights from the data. We also clean the dataset in this step, before building the model  Stage 5: Model Building Once we have explored and pre-processed the dataset, the next step is to build the model. Here, we create predictive models in order to build a solution for the project.  Stage 6: Model Deployment Once you have the solution, you want to showcase it and make it accessible for others. And hence, the final stage of the machine learning lifecycle is to deploy that model.  These are the 6 stages of a machine learning lifecycle. The aim of this article is to understand the last stage, i.e. model deployment, in detail using streamlit. However, I will briefly explain the remaining stages and the complete machine learning lifecycle along with their implementation in Python, before diving deep into the model deployment part using streamlit.
